# New3DScene
Artifact one is a 3D-Scene created in OpenGL where I programmatically created a 3D scene from a 2D image in one of my previous courses “Computer Graphics and Visualization.” The image was of a picture of myself and two of my friends I served in the Marine Corps with on the top of Mount Washington and a notebook. To create the scene, we used complex algorithms to create shapes by plotting vertices and creating vectors and mapped shaders to apply textures to the objects we created.

I chose this artifact because it was by far one of the hardest challenges I faced during my degree program. With OpenGL being highly mathematics centric, I was already at a disadvantage to succeeding in the class. Regardless of the level of difficulty, I was still able to create a 3D scene that was like my 2D image. That proves that I have grit and perseverance to take on any challenges and apply my best effort to it. To really send this message home, I wanted to port this project from C++ to Python.

Though I was not successful in creating a 3D scene in Python, I was able to create a shape and apply the texture of the carpet I used in my C++ version. This is a huge step in the right direction in my opinion. Being able to get the program to run and display an image based on the C++ code was a major accomplishment regardless of the completeness of the project. Porting from C++ had several challenges. From getting the syntax correct to making the shaders make sense, the C++ to Python translation was not an easy one. This attempt at translating was my first ever and certainly exercised my “google-fu.”

I was able to design and develop the code using the PEP-8 style format and added plenty of comments to explain what the code was doing. I was able to apply similar algorithms to apply shaders, textures, and colors to the shape. I was able to demonstrate that I am capable of creating code up to industry standards using techniques, skills, and tools such as PyCharm.
